Adds Hydrogen 2.0 (via Remix) Adapter (#126)
netlify/remix-compute: packages/hydrogen-edge-adapter/CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 1.0.0 (2023-06-29)

### Features

> * `@netlify/hydrogen-edge-adapter` first version supports Hydrogen 2.0 with Netlify Edge Functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `@netlify/hydrogen-edge-adapter`: Initial release that supports [Shopify Hydrogen 2.0](https://hydrogen.shopify.dev/) with [Netlify Edge Functions](https://docs.netlify.com/edge-functions/overview/).
```
